Upgrade smart contract tutorial (#808)
Concordium/concordium.github.io: source/mainnet/smart-contracts/tutorials/smartContractUpgrade/index.rst

.. include:: ../../../variables.rst
.. _intro-smart-contract-upgrade:

.. image:: smartContractUpgrade.png
   :width: 80%
   :align: center
   :alt: A smart contract upgrade mechanism

=======================================
Upgrading smart contracts on Concordium
=======================================

> In this tutorial, you are going to get familiar with how to upgrade a smart contract natively. You explore how to correctly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this tutorial, you are going to get familiar with how to upgrade a smart contract natively. You explore how to
```

> migrate the smart contract state from your old contract to the upgraded contract.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
migrate the smart contract state correctly from your old contract to the upgraded contract.
```

> An important desired features of blockchains is that smart contracts once deployed are immutable by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An important desired features of blockchains is that smart contracts, once deployed, are immutable by default.
```

> The past showed that development teams are looking for mutable smart contract options as well if they want to have

Reviewer: ```suggestion
History has shown that development teams are looking for mutable smart contract options as well if they want to have
```

> the capabilities to fix bugs or to have the option to add additional

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the capabilities to fix bugs, or to have the option to add additional
```

features to their smart contract protocol in the future.

> Other blockchain require complex ``proxy-implementation`` patterns to achieve upgradability on the by default immutable smart contracts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Other blockchains require complex ``proxy-implementation`` patterns to achieve upgradability on the, by default, immutable smart contracts.
```

> Concordium makes this process easier by exposing an upgrade mechanism to natively upgrade the smart contract.

Reviewer 2: I think it is important to explicitly state that there can still be immutable contracts, and the upgradability is an opt-in.

.. include:: ../../../variables.rst
.. _intro-smart-contract-upgrade:

.. image:: smartContractUpgrade.png
   :width: 80%
   :align: center
   :alt: A smart contract upgrade mechanism

=======================================
Upgrading smart contracts on Concordium
=======================================

> In this tutorial, you are going to get familiar with how to upgrade a smart contract natively. You explore how to

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In this tutorial, you are going to get familiar with how to upgrade a smart contract natively. You will explore how to
```
